STARTING LEVEL 1 (for 1st time)

	???: Ahh... awake at last.
		 Thank you, young adventurer.

	RHEIN: Wh-Who's speaking?

	???: Oh, calm down. You've never heard of a sentient crown before?
		 Surely you knew of the treasures and majesty that awaited your successful plunder of this dungeon?
	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: The legend of the Crown of Kha'evos?
						Well, why else did you come down here but for the riches and eternal glory I have offer?

	RHEIN: Riches? ... Eternal glory?

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: Yes, young one. And I only need one thing from you in return...

						B L O O D.

						Careful there, you're looking a little faint. Come on, it'll be fun!
						We'll go wreak havoc on the world! It'll be great!
						Just like old times, before I was so rudely, er, forgotten in this dungeon.
						Hey! Are you trying to put me back in the chest?
						That's rude, I thought we were bonding! And here I opened up to you!

	RHEIN: I'm not going to help you hurt people!
			Why can't I take you off!?

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: Hang on, that's not how this works.
						You made it to the end of the dungeon, you can't just say "no thanks" to your prize.

	RHEIN: You're no prize, you're a curse.

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: A curse? Is that what you think of me?
						Allow me to demonstrate what you could be with my help.

	RHEIN: No! I won't let you use me.

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: Oh, young adventurer...
						You don't have a choice.

	RHEIN: ... Yes, I do.
			I can give up my powers.
			I can prevent you from using my abilities for your gain.

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: You don't have the strength to resist me.




STARTING LEVEL 2

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: You're getting weaker, young adventurer.
						Think of all the progress you made.
						All the spells you learned, all the strength you gained... all for nothing.

	RHEIN: Shut up.

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: I can feel you fighting me. Stop fighting. Let go.
						Let me give you everything you've ever dreamed of.

	RHEIN: ...

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: Fine.
						Then you'll be trapped here forever, serving me whether you like it or not.



STARTING LEVEL 3

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: Your power dwindles, young adventurer.

	RHEIN: My name is Rhein, and I am still stronger than you.

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: Are you?



STARTING LEVEL 4

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: You must be scared, young one.

	RHEIN: ...

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: You have lost nearly half of your power.
						I could give it back, a hundred times over.




LEAVING LEVEL 4 (END OF GAME)

	RHEIN: I told you I was stronger than you, even without my magic.
			I'm useless to you now
			My magic is gone - I can no longer be your vessel.

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: NO!

	RHEIN: I understand now.
			This dungeon isn't meant to keep adventurers out...
			it's supposed to keep you in. It's your prison.
			And you will be trapped here for a very, very long time.

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: Think of the power, Rhein, the glory.
						Nations would fall at your feet. Mountains of gold, jewels, the finest wine.
						It could all be yours, Rhein, it could all be-

(Rhein exits. The crown flies back in the room and lands on the floor.)





//Optional Backwards (if there's time)
BACKWARDS

	CROWN of KHA'EVOS: Yes, Rhein, feel yourself grow stronger.
						This is what we can do if we work together.

	RHEIN: No!









DESCRIPTION:



	
	The Crown of Kha'evos wants infinite bloodshed, but Rhein just wants to go home.
	

	Rhein, a young mage, successfully fights his way through a dangerous dungeon full of puzzles and trials.
	The final boss lying dead behind him, he opens the chest to claim his treasure... only to find a cursed
	artifact that instantly latches onto him and whispers madness in his ear. The artifact, known as the Crown
	of Kha'evos, promises Rhein riches and glory if he will only do one thing... go out into the world and
	create chaos, feeding the crown with blood. When Rhein refuses to do the Crown's bidding, his magic
	starts going haywire, spells firing at random. The Crown claims that if Rhein will not seek bloodshed on
	his own, it can always force his hand.

	But Rhein is determined not to let the Crown use him for evil. He tries not to let the Crown use him to hurt
	anyone, even the creatures of the dungeon. But it's not enough. The Crown will not let him go. So Rhein makes
	the ultimate sacrifice a young adventurer can make: Rhein surrenders his powers, going back through the dungeon
	he already traversed and giving up the strength he acquired along the way. But as Rhein grows weaker, can
	he resist the seduction of the power and wealth the Crown has to offer?



	