Player Character
	NAME:		Rhein
	Motivation: Leave the dungeon. Don't let the Crown gain infinite power. 
	Background: Mage adventuring in a dungeon, searching for the rumored treasure at the end of this dugeon.

Artifact
	NAME:		Crown of Kha'evos
	Motivation: Cursed item that thirsts for bloodshed. Keep Rhein trapped in the dungeon forever, seducing him
				with ultimate power until he agrees to serve the artifact and wreak havoc on the world.
	Background: Gold crown with blue jewels.

Enemies
	Background: Different enemies per level. Guardians of the Crown of Kha'evos, but what adventurers don't know is
				that they're no supposed to keep people OUT, they're supposed to keep the Crown IN.

Setting
	Background: Typical fantasy dungeon adventure setting. This dungeon was sealed by mages ages ago to keep the
				Crown of Kha'evos from ever getting out.

Plot Stuff
	Conflict:	The Crown of Kha'evos wants infinite bloodshed, Rhein just wants to go home.
	Descrip.:	The game opens with Rhein standing over a fancy open chest, the Crown already on his head, the final
				boss of the dungeon lying dead behind him. The Crown speaks, thanking Rhein for releasing him
				from his prison, and promising great riches if Rhein will only do one thing for him... go into the
				world and create chaos, feeding the Crown with blood. The more blood, the more power Rhein will
				achieve. Rhein doesn't like the sound of this, and, frightened, he tries to take the Crown off -
				but he can't. Suddenly, his magic starts going haywire, spells firing at random. The Crown claims
				that if Rhein will not seek bloodshed on his own, it can always force his hand. Suddenly, the room
				fills with enemies. Rhein finds that the more enemies his kills, the more frighteningly gleeful the
				Crown becomes. Rhein refuses, aiming his attacks as best he can to avoid shooting creatures. Rhein
				claims that he would prefer weakness over mad chaos and unnecessary bloodshed.

				As the player gets closer to the exit, Rhein gets less powerful. Fewer abilities, less health.
				If the player levels up and has to go back a room, dialogue alludes to Rhein struggling against
				the tempation of the power offered by the Crown (and the Crown becoming more cocky). As the player
				levels down and proceeds rooms, the dialogue alludes to Rhein fighting against the temptation and
				succeeding, while the Crown	grows increasingly desperate and tries to seduce Rhein with the glory
				it can offer.
